.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contribution guide

1. Make sure you always pull the latest changes from the repo and `rebase` from the
`master` branch whenever it's necessary.
2. Always work on the `dev` branch or dedicated branches (e.g.: for features).
3. Don't modify generated files in `/doc` and in `/dist`.
4. Squash commits in branches to reduce the chain whenever its possible.
5. Always **test** your code using `npm test`.
6. If you add new code, ensure that it's covered by test cases.
7. If you fix an issue, mention `fix #x` (where x is the issue number).
8. Ensure that you use the appropriate code style (that can be checked
with `npm run lint`).

## Project structure
- **`charts`**: contains SVG flowcharts.
- **`config`**: contains some configurations.
- **`doc`**: contains the documentation.
- **`examples`**: contains some example files that can be used for testing purposes.
- **`src`**: contains source files.
- **`test`**: contains all tests, unit tests are written using Jest and E2E are written with Nightwatch.

Commit message:

Docs: Added CZ badge and commit guideline

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribution guide

1. Make sure you always pull the latest changes from the repo and `rebase` from the
`master` branch whenever it's necessary.
2. Always work on the `dev` branch or dedicated branches (e.g.: for features).
3. Don't modify generated files in `/doc` and in `/dist`.
4. Squash commits in branches to reduce the chain whenever its possible.
5. Always **test** your code using `npm test`.
6. If you add new code, ensure that it's covered by test cases.
7. If you fix an issue, mention `fix #x` (where x is the issue number).
8. Ensure that you use the appropriate code style (that can be checked
with `npm run lint`).
9. Make sure you follow the [ESLint commit convention](https://eslint.org/docs/developer-guide/contributing/pull-requests#step2)

## Project structure
- **`charts`**: contains SVG flowcharts.
- **`config`**: contains some configurations.
- **`doc`**: contains the documentation.
- **`examples`**: contains some example files that can be used for testing purposes.
- **`src`**: contains source files.
- **`test`**: contains all tests, unit tests are written using Jest and E2E are written with Nightwatch.
